Add loki tools (#44)
grafana/mcp-grafana: README.md

- [x] List and fetch datasource information
- [ ] Query datasources
  - [x] Prometheus
  - [x] Loki
    - [x] Log queries
    - [x] Metric queries
  - [ ] Tempo
  - [ ] Pyroscope
- [x] Query Prometheus metadata
  - [x] Metric metadata
  - [x] Metric names
  - [x] Label names
  - [x] Label values

> - [x] Query Loki
>   - [x] Label names
>   - [x] Label values
>   - [x] Stats
>   - [x] Logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x] Query Loki metadata
  - [x] Label names
  - [x] Label values
  - [x] Stats
```

| `create_incident` | Incident | Create an incident in Grafana Incident |
| `add_activity_to_incident` | Incident | Add an activity item to an incident in Grafana Incident |
| `resolve_incident` | Incident | Resolve an incident in Grafana Incident |

> | `query_loki_logs` | Loki | Query and retrieve log entries using LogQL |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `query_loki_logs` | Loki | Query and retrieve logs using LogQL (either log or metric queries) |
```
